Postgres database user is granted schema privileges (#1410)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/databases.md

:::caution
Installation guides for other databases (MySQL, MariaDB) are being reworked. [Contributions](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) are most welcome.
:::

:::note

> When connecting Strapi to a postgres database, the database user requires SCHEMA permissions. While the database admin has this permission by default, a new database user that's created specifically for the Strapi application will not and result in a 500 error when trying to load the admin console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting Strapi to a PostgreSQL database, the database user requires SCHEMA permissions. While the database admin has this permission by default, a new database user explicitly created for the Strapi application will not. This would result in a 500 error when trying to load the admin console.
```

> To create a new postgres user with the SCHEMA permission, use the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new PostgreSQL user with the SCHEMA permission, use the following steps.
```

```shell

> # Create a new db user with a secure password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a new database user with a secure password
```

$ CREATE USER my_strapi_db_user WITH PASSWORD 'password';

> # Connect to the database as the postgres admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect to the database as the PostgreSQL admin
```

$ \c my_strapi_db_name admin_user

> # Grant schema privileges  to the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Grant schema privileges to the user
```
